# What is a Side-Channel Attack?
Side channel analysis is an analysis method that acquires, processes, and analyzes   
leakage information such as power consumption and electromagnetic waves generated when   
a cryptographic algorithm is performed in an electronic device equipped with a cryptographic module.   
This is the beginning of research in this field in a paper on the timing attack method presented by Kotcher in 1996.   
"Paul C. Kocher, Timing Attacks on Implementations of Diffie-Hellman, RSA, DSS, and Other Systems, 1996."

# Side-Channel Attack 
- Timing Attack is a method of performing various operations (ex. decryption) and inferring passwords based on the time it takes to calculate.   

- **Power Analysis Attack**: Similarly, it is a method of performing operations and analyzing them based on changes in the power usage of each moment of the equipment (it is essential to repeat numerous operations, not one operation).

    - **Simple Power Analysis (SPA)**: It is a technique that infers the operation used through the amount of power change used during the encryption operation (the technique can be analyzed in a single operation).)

    - Differential Power Analysis (DPA): Assuming a 1-bit estimation, it is a method of obtaining an encryption key through the difference between an input statement when the key value is 1 and an operation value when the key value is 0. Most use 8-bit blocks, so we compare 128(2^7) cases.
    
    - **Correlation Power Analysis (CPA)**: Assuming a 1-bit estimate, the key estimates that the actual waveform and the correlation value are larger among the values expected to occur when the key value is 1, repeatedly collected power values, and zero.

- Electromagnetic Analysis Attack (EM Attack): A technique for analyzing the electromagnetic waves generated by the equipment and extracting ciphers or plaintexts. (The only difference from power analysis attacks is that electromagnetic analysis is performed instead of power.)

- Differential fault analysis (DFA) is a method of comparing normal and abnormal operations. During the operation of the algorithm, it is instantaneously exposed to electromagnetic, power, and light (powerful light such as laser) to cause abnormal behavior and induce a value different from the actual value to be calculated (in an operation with zero power value, instantaneous power is applied to 1). It is difficult to cause errors in a particular computational position, but it has considerable efficiency when possible.
Fault injection: If the purpose of DFA is to analyze through differences between normal and abnormal operations, it is an attack aimed at error injection itself. For example, an electromagnetic error is injected into a door lock to make it mistaken for an open signal (in fact, it should be viewed as a DFA parent category). This is because DFA also prioritizes error injection.)

- **Rowhammer attack**: The rowhammer bug belongs to software-induced hardware faults, and has been exploited to form a wide range of powerful rowhammer attacks. Rowhammer attacks work by rapidly and repeatedly reading data in one memory row (ex. DRAM)to cause an electrical charge in adjacent memory rows in order to modify or corrupt data.   
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Row_hammer

- **Cache Side-channel attack**: An attack technique that collects and analyzes traces left in cache memory while a particular program is working.   

so on.
---
Here is the data on side-channel attacks that I studied.   
I have also added problems and codes that I solved in CTF.   

I am very grateful to the professor Han and other graduate students   
in the KooKmin University's SICADA laboratory for teaching me generously.

2023.02.11